Improve support for custom `DataLoader`s when instantiated in `*_dataloader` hook (#12981)
Lightning-AI/lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Raise an error if there are insufficient training batches when using a float value of `limit_train_batches` ([#12885](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12885))

> - `DataLoader` instantiated inside a `*_dataloader` hook will now not instantiate attributes for you automatically ([#12981](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12981))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DataLoader` instantiated inside a `*_dataloader` hook will not set the passed arguments as attributes anymore ([#12981](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12981))
```
